Why the performance on ImageNet 2012 competition got a significant improvement?
Please brief the main innovation in winner's solution.
> The winner's solution involved a multilayer neural network, allowing image recognition


What is the biggest difference between supervised learning and un-supervised learning?
> The biggest difference is, of course, the fact that one type of learning is supervised and the other isn't.
In supervised learning, a machine has actual data to compare its predictions to so it can adjust accordingly.
In unsupervised learning, there is no actual data.

What is the role of Loss Function for a classifier?
You may give an analogy to explain it.
And please brief how the learning (training) method, Backpropagation, works for a classification task.
> Loss function is when the 'distance' from the prediction line and the actual data point is calculated.
Optimisation then occurs so there will be less errors.
An analogy for this would be trying to get down a mountain - the peaks being more err oneous predictions, and
the bottom being more correct predictions. Loss function here would mean determining which way to go from the start
and finding out which way is faster to head down the mountain.
> Backpropogation is where learning occurs when a neural network is being trained, and if an error is found,
the error updates the 'guess' or 'prediction' to be closer to the target output. This minimises error for each
part of the network, and thus, the entire network as well.
For a classification task, the machine first takes a random guess, and according to actual data, will 'know' if it's
right or wrong. Wrong, then it will classify it into another sector, and if it's right, it will continue
to classify things similar to the first data point into the section it put the first data point in.

What function is for the multi-classes (probabilities) calculation?
> Apparently it is called the 'normalised exponential function'

What are the two steps for object classification?
> First, find the traits specific to  the object
Then, make a prediction and then see if you're right or wrong, and then adjust accordingly

Draw an architecture of CNN, which must be deep, i.e. with more than one convolutional layer, for dog breed identification.

Please brief how transfer learning works and accelerates learning process.
> Transfer learning speeds up the entire process because you aren't training your convoluted or pool layers anymore - 
all of those are already trained, and you're just using someone else's trained layers to help you train your last layer,
which is the classification layer. Then, you're all done and you have a good classifier. Also, most of the time other
people's trained 'trait extractors' are trained on extensive databases that you may not have access to, so they are
trained 'better' than you could hope to train yours, making it technically more effecient and professional. 